Add grpc example (#5699)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: examples/custom-resources/grpc-upstreams/README.md

## Prerequisites

> 1. HTTP/2 must be enabled. See `http2` ConfigMap key in the
>   [ConfigMap](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/configmap-resource/#listeners)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. HTTP/2 must be enabled using the `http2` [ConfigMap key](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/configmap-resource/#listeners).
```

> 2. VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources for gRPC applications must include TLS termination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure TLS termination for VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources.
```

It's a requirement and in the context of gRPC applications, so mentioning it is redundant.

> 3. `grpcurl` utility must be installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A working [`grpcurl`](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl) installation.
```

> 4. Follow the [installation](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/installation-with-manifests/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Install NGINX Ingress Controller using Manifests](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/installation-with-manifests/)
```

> 5. Save the public IP address of the Ingress Controller into a shell variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Save the public IP address of NGINX Ingress Controller into a shell variable:
```

    ```shell
    IC_IP=XXX.YYY.ZZZ.III
    ```

> 6. Save the HTTPS port of the Ingress Controller into a shell variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Save the HTTPS port of NGINX Ingress Controller into a shell variable:
```

    ```shell
    IC_HTTPS_PORT=<port number>
    ```

## Step 1 - Update ConfigMap with `http2: "true"`

```shell
kubectl apply -f nginx-config
```

## Step 2 - Deploy the Cafe Application

Create the coffee and the tea deployments and services:

```shell
kubectl apply -f greeter-app.yaml
```

## Step 3 - Configure TLS termination and Load balancing

1. Create the secret with the TLS certificate and key:

    ```shell
    kubectl create -f greeter-secret.yaml
    ```

2. Create the VirtualServer resource:

    ```shell
    kubectl create -f greeter-virtual-server.yaml
    ```

## Step 4 - Test the Configuration

> Access the application using `grpcurl`. We'll use `-insecure` option to turn off certificate verification of our self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the application using `grpcurl`. Use the `-insecure` flag to turn off certificate verification for the self-signed certificate.
```
